#708,709  Doc and translate Section term (#714)
fidals/stroyprombeton: doc/section.md

# Section concept

Section is a group of products with flat structure.
Products are grouped to sections by *product type* principle.
Technically it looks just like category, but has no hierarchy.
And it looks like [series](https://github.com/fidals/stroyprombeton/blob/master/doc/series.md),
but section is related to the a product instead of option.

## Examples
There is the full list of sections for the moment:
```
Блоки железобетонные
Плиты железобетонные
Лотки железобетонные
Колонны железобетонные
Ригели железобетонные
Панели железобетонные
Балки железобетонные
Стойки железобетонные
Фундаменты железобетонные
Ступени железобетонные
Трубы железобетонные
Сваи железобетонные
Короба железобетонные
Опоры железобетонные
```

## Problem

> Our main categories data hierarchy has been built based on *building types* principle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our main categories data hierarchy has been built according to the *construction types*.
```
Items of the `Дорожное строительство` are infrastructures and `Общегражданское и промышленное строительство` are buildings, but both of them are constructions

There are base building types:
```
Дорожное строительство
Строительство энергетических объектов
Общегражданское и промышленное строительство
Строительство инженерных сетей
```

Some time later we became needed for the new data hierarchy based on *product type*.
It's not hierarchy, but flat structure, as you see.

## Solution

> We could not include *product types* to the *building types*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We could not merge *product types* to the *building types*
```

> because of parallel logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
because of hierarchy conflicts.
```
